Frank night festive in Cuiabá the march
from corinthians here
fubá if not change 2010 in here a scolding
in the chalk subtle touch I myself went
banon interference in the long
denied and difficult with the
old is more so old, little bit these
cimed plays every day here with
this heat you pay a high but it is a
good football and I think the same pleasure
is here in cuiabá né
along with us long your life
people on television and today is here
close but with the result that less
I do not even think the important thing is
to be here with the people to know
cuiabá maiden island good come back here from
new
Gilmar, my son talks to you at
facebook spoke of the day eduardo grosso
He has talked game April and spoke cuiabá
He gave me a call, Father told me.
The sky has died or not father said that
I just spoke with cornmeal and there's a
Damned joy as that to this day you
they will say retired do not play anymore
It's the cause of lyre in that faithful one is true.
so that's what I got in the
corinthians has never been a technical player and
a player of skill but always
I have shown races in being able to show
net grandchild was eight times champion
In the club, I think we'll score.
for the fall but that treats everyone
well so I think the whole side
michael said just finishing this song
go rest is the following we have to
our ctc fans will have
opportunity in a moment and there
participating in a barbecue received the
everybody's affection but it's a crowd
which gathers 34 thousand fans in the big
games you imagined that in the center west
cuiabá a city that is not very
broadcast in Brazil would have a
faithful in this way I'm going to speak here
I believe that I've been several place
from brazil not only from brazil but from
world around me I played several places and
always Corinthian
and here we that our Brazil is that the
corinthians speaks kaká family one
but I think it has to do with
new
cornmeal just a little something I'm so happy
that my granddaughter my children will
Remember me the rest of my life.
you'll be remembered for 30 million
of Corintians were going to sleep happily all
Night, thank God I always speak
with my son I think what I did
in the club the title to win no one
takes're right there in the club's history so
I think I quit but your son went
a duty fulfilled I think the queue of
Congratulations corinthians will convince
we